README.rst, before:

Vim / Nvim config
=================

Download / Install
------------------

This sections explains how to create a backup of your existing files,
download this configuration, and install it by pointing a symlink to the
config.

Regular Vim
###########

Do something like this, replacing myfavdir for a path of your own
choosing::

   cd ~
   mv .vim vimbackup
   mkdir myfavdir
   git clone git://github.com/babab/vim-config ~/myfavdir/vim-config
   ln -s ~/myfavdir/vim-config/vim .vim

Now install Vundle, and run the PluginInstall command to let Vundle
install/update all plugins that are defined in vimrc and create help tags::

   cd .vim/bundle
   git clone git://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim
   vim +PluginInstall! +qall

If you use the vimproc.vim plugin (which is in my configuration by
default) and want to edit typescript files, you must also compile an
external DLL, by running::

   vim +VimProcInstall +qall

Nvim
####

Not available yet. This will be added in the future.


.. vim: set ts=3 sts=3 sw=3:

Commit message:

Update README with better instructions

README.rst, after:

Vim config
==========

Download / Install
------------------

This sections explains how to create a backup of your existing files,
download this configuration, and install it by pointing a symlink to the
config.


Clone repository
################

Clone this repo by doing something like this, replacing ``myfavdir`` for
a path of your own choosing::

   mkdir ~/myfavdir
   cd ~/myfavdir
   git clone https://github.com/babab/vim-config


Manual install
##############

If an existing .vim is found, rename it with suffix .bak and link vim
folder to ``~/.vim``::

   cd ~
   test -d .vim && mv .vim .vim.bak  # backup existing .vim folder if found
   ln -s ~/myfavdir/vim-config/vim .vim

Now install Vundle, and run the PluginInstall command to let Vundle
install/update all plugins that are defined in vimrc and create help tags::

   mkdir -p .vim/bundle
   cd -P .vim/bundle  # cd to absolute path, resolving symlink
   git clone https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim
   vim +PluginInstall! +qall

If you use the vimproc.vim plugin (which is in my configuration by
default) and want to edit typescript files, you must also compile an
external DLL, by running::

   vim +VimProcInstall +qall


.. vim: set ts=3 sts=3 sw=3:
